Update Taxpasta to v0.6.0 (#368)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

- [#323](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/323) Add ability to skip sequencing quality control tools (❤️ to @vinisalazar for requesting, added by @jfy133)
- [#345](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/345) Add simple tutorial to explain how to get up and running with an nf-core/taxprofiler run (added by @jfy133)
- [#355](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/355) Add support for TAXPASTA's `--add-rank-lineage` to output (❤️ to @MajoroMask for request, added by @Midnighter, @sofstam, @jfy133)

> - [#368](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/368/) Add the ability to ignore profile errors caused by empty profilers when merging multiple profiles using TAXPASTA(added by @@Midnighter and @LilyAnderssonLee)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#368](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/368/) Add the ability to ignore profile errors caused by empty profilers when merging multiple profiles using TAXPASTA (added by @Midnighter and @LilyAnderssonLee)
```

> - [#368](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/368/) Add the ability to ignore profile errors caused by empty profilers when merging multiple profiles using TAXPASTA (added by @Midnighter and @LilyAnderssonLee)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#368](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/368/) Add the ability to ignore profile errors caused by empty profiles and other validation errors when merging multiple profiles using TAXPASTA (added by @Midnighter and @LilyAnderssonLee)
```
